Udyam Registration : Zero cost, No Fee and Free Registration of MSMEs. This is official website of Govt. of India, Ministry of MSME. No other website/portal/app is official.  MSMEs are requested to do MSME Registration here only
Udyam Registration Benefits
Udyam Registration Sample Form
Udyam Registration Bulletin
Udyam Registration Bulletin I
Udyam Registration Bulletin II
Udyam Registration Bulletin III
Udyam Registration Bulletin IV
Udyam Registration Bulletin V
Udyam Registration Bulletin VI
Udyam Registration Bulletin VII
Udyam Registration Bulletin VIII
Update/Cancel Udyam Registration
This is the only Government Portal for MSME (Udyam)
For New Entrepreneurs who are not Registered yet as Micro, Small & Medium
For those already having registration as Udyog Aadhar Memorandum
For those already having registration as UAM through Assisted filing
For Udyam Assist Platform (UAP), (Informal Micro Enterprises Registration)
Beware of Fake Sites. Udyam (MSME) Registration is Free of Cost and paperless.
Clarification on MSME Registration & Classification (01.04.2022 to 07.06.2022)
MSME Units are requested to onboard on TReDS Platform:
Udyami Bharat Portal(UBP) - The portal of all MSME portals
Except this portal of Government of India and Government's Single Window Systems,
no other private online or offline system, service, agency or person is authorized
to do MSME Registration or undertake any related activity.
An enterprise shall be classified as a micro, small or medium enterprise on the basis of the following criteria, namely:-
A micro enterprise, where the investment does not exceed 2.5 crore rupees and turnover does not exceed 10 crore rupees.
A small enterprise, where the investment does not exceed 25 crore rupees and turnover does not exceed 100 crore rupees.
A medium enterprise, where the investment does not exceed 125 crore rupees and turnover does not exceed 500 crore rupees.
Definition of MSMEs (Pre & Post 01-04-2025)
For detail information regarding legal framework  for classification of MSMEs
Government has organised a full system of Facilitation for Registration Process
An enterprise for the purpose of this process will be known as Udyam and its Registration Process will be known as 'Udyam Registration'
A permanent registration number will be given after registration.
After completion of the process of registration, a certificate will be issued online.
This certificate will have a dynamic QR Code from which the web page on our Portal and details about the enterprise can be accessed.
There will be no need for renewal of Registration.
Our single window systems at Champions Control Rooms and at DICs will help you in the process.
Registration Process is totally free. No Costs or Fees are to be paid to anyone.
MSME Registration is free, paperless and based on self- declaration
MSME registration process is fully online, paperless and based on self-declaration.
No documents or proof are required to be uploaded for registering an MSME.
Only Adhaar Number will be enough for registration.
PAN & GST linked details on investment and turnover of enterprises will be taken automatically from Government data bases.
Our online system will be fully integrated with Income Tax and GSTIN systems.
Having PAN and GSTIN (As per applicablity of CGST Act 2017 and as notified by the ministry of MSME
vide S.O. 1055(E) dated 05th March 2021
) is required  for Udyam Registration with effect from 01.04.2021.
Those who have EM-II or UAM registration or any other registration issued by any authority under the Ministry of MSME, will have to re-register themselves.
No enterprise shall file more than one Udyam Registration. However, any number of activities including manufacturing or service or both may be specified or added in one Registration.
MSME (Udyam) Factsheet Dashboard
Facts Dated:- 04/10/2026 10:30:24 AM
Udyam Assist Platform (UAP)
Kartavya Bhawan 3 - New Delhi
Mon to Fri : 10:00 AM - 06:00 PM
Disclaimer: The language translation service available on this portal/website is enabled by AI-based solutions to enhance accessibility and is under continuous improvement. The content is machine-generated and may contain errors.
Content Managed by Ministry of Micro Small and
Medium Enterprises, Government of India
Website hosted & managed by